Update TOOLKIT.md (#296)
hackclub/blot: docs/TOOLKIT.md

 
 ## Transformations

-   **`t.translate(from: pt, to: pt)`** - Translates the turtle's path from one point to another.
-   **`t.rotate(angle: number, origin: pt)`** - Rotates the turtle's path around the specified origin point by the given angle **in degrees**.
-   **`t.scale(factor: number, origin: pt)`** - Scales the turtle's path by the specified factor, relative to the given origin.
> type pt = [ x: number, y: number ]

## Importing SVGS
**`t.fromSVG(svgString: string)`** - Imports an SVG
> You can drag in SVG's, and the interface will generate a turtle for it. Keep in mind that SVG's are often imported far too large, and will need to be scaled and translated.

## Special Points and Dimensions
These are all variables. You can get 9 points of interest from the turtle as get methods.
- **`t.start`** - Access the start points of the turtle's path.
- **`t.end`** - Access the end points of the turtle's path.
- **`t.width`** - Retrieve the width of the turtle's drawing area.
- **`t.height`** -  Retrieve the height of the turtle's drawing area.
> l is left, r is right, c is center, b is bottom.
```js 
lt -- ct -- rt
|     |     |
lc -- cc -- rc
|     |     |

> lb -- cb -- rb

Reviewer: Can we add something about what generative art is and how to make it? I couldn't find much about it on the blot website so it would be super cool to include a small blurb in the toolkit! Something like:

Generative art is art that has parts determined by a computer/autonomous system. For example, instead of you choosing where to draw a line, the computer selects a point using a random number generator. The Coding Train youtube channel is a really useful resource to learn more about generative art!

This is Blot's programmatic art IDE. For an introduction to the editor watch this video (coming soon!).

## Turtle
Our main drawing primitive is a turtle. It's a collection of polylines with an associated pen that has a location and direction.

## Creating a Turtle
**`const t = createTurtle();`**
Initializes a new turtle object for drawing.

> > The turtle object starts at points [0,0] by default with an initial angle of 0 degrees and begins in the drawing state.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> By default, the turtle object starts at points [0,0] with an angle of 0 degrees (bottom left corner, facing right) and begins in the drawing state.
```

#### Rendering the Turtle

> -   **`drawTurtles([turtles])`** - Renders the specified list of turtles onto the canvas.
> Can take a list of turtles to render.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-   **`drawTurtles([turtle])`** - Renders the specified list of turtles onto the canvas.
```

## Drawing 
 - **`t.goTo([ x: number, y: number ])`**  - Moves the turtle to the
   specified coordinates, drawing a line (if the pen is down).
 -  **`t.forward(distance: number)`** - Moves the turtle forward by the
   specified distance, drawing a line (if the pen is down).
-  **`t.arc(angle: number, radius: number)`** - Draws an arc with the given
   angle **in degrees** and radius. The direction of the arc depends on
   the sign of the angle (positive goes counterclockwise, negative goes
   clockwise). 
 - **`t.jump([x, y]):`** - Moves the turtle to specified
   coordinates without drawing (basically goTo but always without
   drawing).

> All functions under `Drawing` end in the drawing state. 

## Orientation and Movement
- **`t.up()`** - Lifts the blot's pen.

> - **`t.down`** - Lowers the blot's pen. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **`t.down()`** - Lowers the blot's pen. 
```

- **`t.setAngle(theta: number)`** - Sets the turtle's current direction to the specified angle **in degrees**. 
- **`t.right(theta: number)`** - Rotates the turtle's direction to the right (clockwise) by the specified angle **in degrees**.
- **`t.left(theta: number)`** - Rotates the turtle's direction to the left (counterclockwise) by the specified angle **in degrees**.
 
 ## Transformations

-   **`t.translate(from: pt, to: pt)`** - Translates the turtle's path from one point to another.
-   **`t.rotate(angle: number, origin: pt)`** - Rotates the turtle's path around the specified origin point by the given angle **in degrees**.
-   **`t.scale(factor: number, origin: pt)`** - Scales the turtle's path by the specified factor, relative to the given origin.

> > type pt = [ number, number ]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> type pt = [ x: number, y: number ]
```
